---
layout: page
permalink: /publications/
title: publications
description: publications by categories in reversed chronological order. generated by jekyll-scholar.
years: [2022,2021,2020,2019,2018,2015]
nav: true
nav_order: 4
---

### Journal papers
- [8] **Huang, P.**, Shen, L., Maggi, F., Chen, Z., and Pan, Z. (2022). Influence of surface roughness on methane flow in shale kerogen nano-slits. The Journal of Natural Gas Science and Engineering, 103, 104650.
- [7] Wu, J., **Huang, P.**, Maggi, F., and Shen, L. (2022). Effect of sorption-induced deformation on methane flow in kerogen slit pores. Fuel (Accepted on 11th June 2022).
- [6] Wu, J., **Huang, P.**, Maggi, F., and Shen, L. (2022). Molecular investigation on CO₂-CH₄ displacement and kerogen deformation in enhanced shale gas recovery. Fuel, 315, 123208.
- [5] **Huang, P.**, Shen, L., Gan, Y., Shen, Y., Du, D., Yu, B., Maggi, F., and El‐Zein, A. (2021). Measurements of the relative permeability to CO2‐and‐brine multiphase fluid of Paaratte formation at near‐reservoir conditions. Greenhouse Gases: Science and Technology, 11(4), 697-711.
- [4] **Huang, P.**, Shen, L., Gan, Y., Maggi, F., and El-Zein, A. (2020). Numerical investigation of microscale dynamic contact angles of the CO2–water–silica system using coarse-grained molecular approach. Computational Mechanics, 66(3), 707-722.
- [3] **Huang, P.**, Shen, L., Gan, Y., Maggi, F., El-Zein, A., and Pan, Z. (2019). Atomistic Study of Dynamic Contact Angles in CO2-Water-Silica System. Langmuir, 35(15), 5324-5332. (Supplementary Cover)
- [2] **Huang, P.**, Shen, L., Gan, Y., Nguyen, G. D., El-Zein, A., and Maggi, F. (2018). Coarse-grained modeling of multiphase interactions at microscale. The Journal of Chemical Physics, 149(12), 124505.
- [1] Alonso-Marroquin, F., **Huang, P.**, Hanaor, D., Flores-Johnson, E., Proust, G., Gan, Y., and Shen, L. (2015). Static friction between rigid fractal surfaces. Physical Review E, 92(3), 1-12.  

### Full-length conference papers
- [2] **Huang, P.**, Shen, L., Gan, Y., Maggi, F., El Zein, A., and Nguyen, G. (2016). A Coarse-Grained Approach to Modelling Tensile Fracture of Sand Grains and Surface Tension of Water at Mesoscale. 10th International Conference on Structural Integrity and Failure (SIF-2016): Advances in Materials and Structures, Adelaide: University of Adelaide.
- [1] **Huang, P.**, Proust, G., Alonso-Marroquin, F., Flores-Johnson, E., Gan, Y., Shen, L., and Hanaor, D. (2014). Computing the Friction Coefficient of Fractal Surfaces Using SPOLY. 8th Australasian Congress on Applied Mechanics (ACAM 8), Barton, ACT: Engineers Australia.

### Other conference and workshop presentations 
- [5]	“Sensitivity study of the hydraulically fractured well at Velkerri formation at Beetaloo Basin”, oral presentation at 5th Australasian Conference on Computational Mechanics (ACCM2021), Sydney, NSW, Australia. Dec. 13-15, 2021.
- [4]	“A Coarse-Grained Model for Microscale Multiphase Interactions and Its Applications in Dynamic Wetting”, oral presentation at 10th International Conference on Computational Methods (ICCM2019), Singapore. Jul. 9-13, 2019.
- [3]	“Numerical Investigation on Dynamic Contact Angle of Nano-Scale CO2-Water-Silica Systems”, oral presentation at 13th World Congress on Computational Mechanics (WCCM2018), New York City, America. Jul. 22-27, 2018.
- [2]	“Numerical Study of Dynamic Contact Angles of CO2-Water-Silica Systems Using Molecular Dynamics Simulations”, oral presentation at 3rd Australasian Conference on Computational Mechanics (ACCM-3), Geelong, VIC, Australia. Feb. 12-14, 2018.
- [1]	“Modelling Multiphase Interactions Using Coarse-Grained Molecular Dynamics”, oral presentation at International Workshop on Mechanics of Energy Materials (IWMEM2017), Suzhou, Jiangsu Province, China. Nov. 08-11, 2017.


